sticko/app/OnboardingScreen/OnboardingScreen.java
 sticko.app.OnboardingScreen.OnboardingScreen
 sticko.app.OnboardingScreen.OnboardingScreen$1
 sticko.app.OnboardingScreen.OnboardingScreen$2
sticko/app/Following/FollowingFragment.java
 sticko.app.Following.FollowingFragment
sticko/app/FollowsTapScreen/ui/main/SectionsPagerAdapter.java
 sticko.app.FollowsTapScreen.ui.main.SectionsPagerAdapter
sticko/app/databinding/ErrorPopupBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.ErrorPopupBinding
sticko/app/databinding/AppBarProfileBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.AppBarProfileBinding
sticko/app/SettingsScreen/TutorialScreens/ui/main/PlaceholderFragment.java
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.TutorialScreens.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment
sticko/app/Connections/ui/main/PageViewModel.java
 sticko.app.Connections.ui.main.PageViewModel
 sticko.app.Connections.ui.main.PageViewModel$1
sticko/app/databinding/FragmentContactUsBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.FragmentContactUsBinding
sticko/app/SettingsScreen/TutorialScreens/ui/main/PageViewModel.java
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.TutorialScreens.ui.main.PageViewModel
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.TutorialScreens.ui.main.PageViewModel$1
sticko/app/Miscellaneous/NFCManager.java
 sticko.app.Miscellaneous.NFCManager
 sticko.app.Miscellaneous.NFCManager$NFCNotEnabled
 sticko.app.Miscellaneous.NFCManager$NFCNotSupported
sticko/app/databinding/NewLinksLayoutBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.NewLinksLayoutBinding
sticko/app/databinding/TutorialScreenThreeBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.TutorialScreenThreeBinding
sticko/app/ProcessingError.java
 sticko.app.ProcessingError
 sticko.app.ProcessingError$1
 sticko.app.ProcessingError$2
sticko/app/databinding/AppBarSecondaryBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.AppBarSecondaryBinding
sticko/app/databinding/HomescreenLayoutBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.HomescreenLayoutBinding
sticko/app/databinding/ActivityForgotPasswordBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.ActivityForgotPasswordBinding
sticko/app/OnboardingScreen/OnBoardingAdapter.java
 sticko.app.OnboardingScreen.OnBoardingAdapter
 sticko.app.OnboardingScreen.OnBoardingAdapter$OnBoardingViewHolder
sticko/app/FollowsTapScreen/ui/main/PageViewModel.java
 sticko.app.FollowsTapScreen.ui.main.PageViewModel
 sticko.app.FollowsTapScreen.ui.main.PageViewModel$1
sticko/app/databinding/FragmentQRCodeBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.FragmentQRCodeBinding
sticko/app/databinding/ActivityFollowsBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.ActivityFollowsBinding
sticko/app/ActivationScreen/ActivatedFragment.java
 sticko.app.ActivationScreen.ActivatedFragment
 sticko.app.ActivationScreen.ActivatedFragment$1
 sticko.app.ActivationScreen.ActivatedFragment$2
sticko/app/databinding/ItemContainerOnboardingBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.ItemContainerOnboardingBinding
sticko/app/Connections/ui/main/SectionsPagerAdapter.java
 sticko.app.Connections.ui.main.SectionsPagerAdapter
sticko/app/Connections/InfoMessageActivity.java
 sticko.app.Connections.InfoMessageActivity
 sticko.app.Connections.InfoMessageActivity$1
sticko/app/databinding/Top50LayoutBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.Top50LayoutBinding
sticko/app/App.java
 sticko.app.App
sticko/app/databinding/FollowersLayoutBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.FollowersLayoutBinding
sticko/app/databinding/ActivitySplashScreenBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.ActivitySplashScreenBinding
sticko/app/databinding/TutorialScreenSixBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.TutorialScreenSixBinding
sticko/app/Loader.java
 sticko.app.Loader
 sticko.app.Loader$1
sticko/app/IService.java
 sticko.app.IService
sticko/app/databinding/FragmentTop50Binding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.FragmentTop50Binding
sticko/app/Adapters/FollowingAdapter_tutorials.java
 sticko.app.Adapters.FollowingAdapter_tutorials
 sticko.app.Adapters.FollowingAdapter_tutorials$HomeVH
sticko/app/BuildConfig.java
 sticko.app.BuildConfig
sticko/app/Adapters/Connections_Adapter.java
 sticko.app.Adapters.Connections_Adapter
 sticko.app.Adapters.Connections_Adapter$1
 sticko.app.Adapters.Connections_Adapter$HomeVH
sticko/app/databinding/ActivityUpdatePasswordBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.ActivityUpdatePasswordBinding
sticko/app/Models/HomeModel.java
 sticko.app.Models.HomeModel
sticko/app/databinding/ActivityConnectionsBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.ActivityConnectionsBinding
sticko/app/databinding/TutorialSevenMiniScreenBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.TutorialSevenMiniScreenBinding
sticko/app/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
sticko/app/Utils/Utils.java
 sticko.app.Utils.Utils
 sticko.app.Utils.Utils$BitmapResize
sticko/app/SvgSoftwareLayerSetter/SvgSoftwareLayerSetter.java
 sticko.app.SvgSoftwareLayerSetter.SvgSoftwareLayerSetter
sticko/app/databinding/TutorailsScreenTwoBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.TutorailsScreenTwoBinding
sticko/app/Models/Following_model.java
 sticko.app.Models.Following_model
sticko/app/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
sticko/app/databinding/ActiveLinksLayoutsBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.ActiveLinksLayoutsBinding
sticko/app/Models/HomeScreenModel.java
 sticko.app.Models.HomeScreenModel
sticko/app/databinding/FragmentActivationBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.FragmentActivationBinding
sticko/app/databinding/FollowersTapLayoutBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.FollowersTapLayoutBinding
sticko/app/Models/ListOfConnections_model.java
 sticko.app.Models.ListOfConnections_model
sticko/app/SvgDrawableTranscoder/SvgDrawableTranscoder.java
 sticko.app.SvgDrawableTranscoder.SvgDrawableTranscoder
sticko/app/databinding/ActivityUserHomeScreenBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.ActivityUserHomeScreenBinding
sticko/app/Adapters/HomeAdapter.java
 sticko.app.Adapters.HomeAdapter
 sticko.app.Adapters.HomeAdapter$1
 sticko.app.Adapters.HomeAdapter$HomeVH
sticko/app/databinding/ActivityVerificationBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.ActivityVerificationBinding
sticko/app/databinding/TutorialScreenFiveBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.TutorialScreenFiveBinding
sticko/app/databinding/FragmentAddLinksBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.FragmentAddLinksBinding
sticko/app/databinding/FollowingLayoutBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.FollowingLayoutBinding
sticko/app/Utils/UtilsForPopups.java
 sticko.app.Utils.UtilsForPopups
sticko/app/databinding/FollowingTabLayoutBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.FollowingTabLayoutBinding
sticko/app/databinding/TutorialScreenEightBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.TutorialScreenEightBinding
sticko/app/databinding/ActivityHomeScreenBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.ActivityHomeScreenBinding
sticko/app/AppConstant.java
 sticko.app.AppConstant
sticko/app/databinding/FragmentAccountBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.FragmentAccountBinding
sticko/app/Models/Message.java
 sticko.app.Models.Message
sticko/app/databinding/FragmentNewAddLinksBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.FragmentNewAddLinksBinding
sticko/app/RestClient.java
 sticko.app.RestClient
sticko/app/FollowsTapScreen/ui/main/PlaceholderFragment.java
 sticko.app.FollowsTapScreen.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment
 sticko.app.FollowsTapScreen.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$1
 sticko.app.FollowsTapScreen.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$1$1
 sticko.app.FollowsTapScreen.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$2
 sticko.app.FollowsTapScreen.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$2$1
 sticko.app.FollowsTapScreen.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$3
 sticko.app.FollowsTapScreen.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$3$1
 sticko.app.FollowsTapScreen.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$4
 sticko.app.FollowsTapScreen.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$5
 sticko.app.FollowsTapScreen.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$6
 sticko.app.FollowsTapScreen.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$6$1
 sticko.app.FollowsTapScreen.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$7
 sticko.app.FollowsTapScreen.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$8
sticko/app/databinding/LoaderBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.LoaderBinding
sticko/app/databinding/FragmentFollowingBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.FragmentFollowingBinding
sticko/app/databinding/TutorialScreenOneBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.TutorialScreenOneBinding
sticko/app/databinding/ActiveLinksTapLayoutBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.ActiveLinksTapLayoutBinding
sticko/app/databinding/FragmentActivatedBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.FragmentActivatedBinding
sticko/app/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
sticko/app/databinding/ActivityTutorialsScreensBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.ActivityTutorialsScreensBinding
sticko/app/SvgDecoder/SvgDecoder.java
 sticko.app.SvgDecoder.SvgDecoder
sticko/app/databinding/ActivityOnboardingScreenBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.ActivityOnboardingScreenBinding
sticko/app/Session.java
 sticko.app.Session
sticko/app/databinding/ActivityRegistrationBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.ActivityRegistrationBinding
sticko/app/databinding/TutorialScreenSevenBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.TutorialScreenSevenBinding
sticko/app/Models/Top_50_model.java
 sticko.app.Models.Top_50_model
sticko/app/databinding/AppBarMainBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.AppBarMainBinding
sticko/app/OnboardingScreen/OnBoardingItem.java
 sticko.app.OnboardingScreen.OnBoardingItem
sticko/app/SettingsScreen/Profile/VolleyMultipartRequest.java
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.VolleyMultipartRequest
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.VolleyMultipartRequest$DataPart
sticko/app/MainActivity.java
 sticko.app.MainActivity
sticko/app/SettingsScreen/TutorialScreens/ui/main/SectionsPagerAdapter.java
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.TutorialScreens.ui.main.SectionsPagerAdapter
sticko/app/QRCodeSection/AddQRWallet.java
 sticko.app.QRCodeSection.AddQRWallet
 sticko.app.QRCodeSection.AddQRWallet$1
sticko/app/databinding/ConnectionListLayoutTutorialsBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.ConnectionListLayoutTutorialsBinding
sticko/app/databinding/FragmentInfoBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.FragmentInfoBinding
sticko/app/databinding/FragmentAddQRWalletBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.FragmentAddQRWalletBinding
sticko/app/Adapters/AddNewLinksAdapter.java
 sticko.app.Adapters.AddNewLinksAdapter
 sticko.app.Adapters.AddNewLinksAdapter$1
 sticko.app.Adapters.AddNewLinksAdapter$HomeVH
sticko/app/databinding/TutorialScreenNineBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.TutorialScreenNineBinding
sticko/app/databinding/FragmentDeactivatedAlertBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.FragmentDeactivatedAlertBinding
sticko/app/databinding/TutorialScreenTenBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.TutorialScreenTenBinding
sticko/app/UpdateConnections.java
 sticko.app.UpdateConnections
sticko/app/Adapters/Tutorials_screen_five_Adapter.java
 sticko.app.Adapters.Tutorials_screen_five_Adapter
 sticko.app.Adapters.Tutorials_screen_five_Adapter$1
 sticko.app.Adapters.Tutorials_screen_five_Adapter$HomeVH
sticko/app/Adapters/ActiveLinksAdapter.java
 sticko.app.Adapters.ActiveLinksAdapter
 sticko.app.Adapters.ActiveLinksAdapter$1
 sticko.app.Adapters.ActiveLinksAdapter$HomeVH
 sticko.app.Adapters.ActiveLinksAdapter$MyCustomEditTextListener
 sticko.app.Adapters.ActiveLinksAdapter$SocialMedia
sticko/app/databinding/TutorialScreenFourBinding.java
 sticko.app.databinding.TutorialScreenFourBinding
sticko/app/ForgotPassword/ForgotPasswordActivity.java
 sticko.app.ForgotPassword.ForgotPasswordActivity
 sticko.app.ForgotPassword.ForgotPasswordActivity$1
 sticko.app.ForgotPassword.ForgotPasswordActivity$2
 sticko.app.ForgotPassword.ForgotPasswordActivity$3
 sticko.app.ForgotPassword.ForgotPasswordActivity$4
 sticko.app.ForgotPassword.ForgotPasswordActivity$5
 sticko.app.ForgotPassword.ForgotPasswordActivity$6
sticko/app/Adapters/FollowersAdapter.java
 sticko.app.Adapters.FollowersAdapter
 sticko.app.Adapters.FollowersAdapter$1
 sticko.app.Adapters.FollowersAdapter$10
 sticko.app.Adapters.FollowersAdapter$11
 sticko.app.Adapters.FollowersAdapter$12
 sticko.app.Adapters.FollowersAdapter$13
 sticko.app.Adapters.FollowersAdapter$2
 sticko.app.Adapters.FollowersAdapter$3
 sticko.app.Adapters.FollowersAdapter$4
 sticko.app.Adapters.FollowersAdapter$5
 sticko.app.Adapters.FollowersAdapter$6
 sticko.app.Adapters.FollowersAdapter$7
 sticko.app.Adapters.FollowersAdapter$8
 sticko.app.Adapters.FollowersAdapter$9
 sticko.app.Adapters.FollowersAdapter$HomeVH
sticko/app/SettingsScreen/TutorialScreens/TutorialsScreens.java
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.TutorialScreens.TutorialsScreens
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.TutorialScreens.TutorialsScreens$1
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.TutorialScreens.TutorialsScreens$2
sticko/app/Connections/AddLinksActivity.java
 sticko.app.Connections.AddLinksActivity
 sticko.app.Connections.AddLinksActivity$1
 sticko.app.Connections.AddLinksActivity$2
 sticko.app.Connections.AddLinksActivity$3
 sticko.app.Connections.AddLinksActivity$4
 sticko.app.Connections.AddLinksActivity$5
sticko/app/SettingsScreen/top_50/Top_50_Fragment.java
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.top_50.Top_50_Fragment
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.top_50.Top_50_Fragment$1
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.top_50.Top_50_Fragment$2
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.top_50.Top_50_Fragment$2$1
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.top_50.Top_50_Fragment$3
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.top_50.Top_50_Fragment$4
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.top_50.Top_50_Fragment$5
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.top_50.Top_50_Fragment$5$1
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.top_50.Top_50_Fragment$6
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.top_50.Top_50_Fragment$7
sticko/app/HomeScreen/HomeScreenActivity.java
 sticko.app.HomeScreen.HomeScreenActivity
 sticko.app.HomeScreen.HomeScreenActivity$1
 sticko.app.HomeScreen.HomeScreenActivity$10
 sticko.app.HomeScreen.HomeScreenActivity$11
 sticko.app.HomeScreen.HomeScreenActivity$12
 sticko.app.HomeScreen.HomeScreenActivity$13
 sticko.app.HomeScreen.HomeScreenActivity$14
 sticko.app.HomeScreen.HomeScreenActivity$2
 sticko.app.HomeScreen.HomeScreenActivity$3
 sticko.app.HomeScreen.HomeScreenActivity$4
 sticko.app.HomeScreen.HomeScreenActivity$5
 sticko.app.HomeScreen.HomeScreenActivity$6
 sticko.app.HomeScreen.HomeScreenActivity$7
 sticko.app.HomeScreen.HomeScreenActivity$8
 sticko.app.HomeScreen.HomeScreenActivity$9
sticko/app/ActivationScreen/ActivationActivity.java
 sticko.app.ActivationScreen.ActivationActivity
sticko/app/LoginScreen/LoginActivity.java
 sticko.app.LoginScreen.LoginActivity
 sticko.app.LoginScreen.LoginActivity$1
 sticko.app.LoginScreen.LoginActivity$2
 sticko.app.LoginScreen.LoginActivity$3
 sticko.app.LoginScreen.LoginActivity$4
 sticko.app.LoginScreen.LoginActivity$5
 sticko.app.LoginScreen.LoginActivity$6
 sticko.app.LoginScreen.LoginActivity$7
sticko/app/SettingsScreen/Profile/ProfileFragment.java
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment$1
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment$10
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment$11
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment$12
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment$13
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment$14
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment$15
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment$16
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment$17
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment$18
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment$19
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment$2
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment$20
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment$21
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment$22
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment$23
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment$3
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment$3$1
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment$4
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment$4$1
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment$5
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment$6
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment$7
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment$8
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.Profile.ProfileFragment$9
sticko/app/Adapters/Top_50_Adapter.java
 sticko.app.Adapters.Top_50_Adapter
 sticko.app.Adapters.Top_50_Adapter$1
 sticko.app.Adapters.Top_50_Adapter$2
 sticko.app.Adapters.Top_50_Adapter$Top_50_VH
sticko/app/Connections/ui/main/PlaceholderFragment.java
 sticko.app.Connections.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment
 sticko.app.Connections.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$1
 sticko.app.Connections.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$2
 sticko.app.Connections.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$2$1
 sticko.app.Connections.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$3
 sticko.app.Connections.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$4
 sticko.app.Connections.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$5
 sticko.app.Connections.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$6
 sticko.app.Connections.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$7
 sticko.app.Connections.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$8
sticko/app/FollowsTapScreen/Follows.java
 sticko.app.FollowsTapScreen.Follows
 sticko.app.FollowsTapScreen.Follows$1
sticko/app/SettingsScreen/AccountFragment.java
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.AccountFragment
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.AccountFragment$1
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.AccountFragment$10
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.AccountFragment$2
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.AccountFragment$3
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.AccountFragment$4
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.AccountFragment$5
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.AccountFragment$6
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.AccountFragment$7
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.AccountFragment$8
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.AccountFragment$9
sticko/app/Connections/Connections.java
 sticko.app.Connections.Connections
 sticko.app.Connections.Connections$1
 sticko.app.Connections.Connections$2
 sticko.app.Connections.Connections$3
 sticko.app.Connections.Connections$4
 sticko.app.Connections.Connections$5
 sticko.app.Connections.Connections$6
sticko/app/Registrations/RegistrationActivity.java
 sticko.app.Registrations.RegistrationActivity
 sticko.app.Registrations.RegistrationActivity$1
 sticko.app.Registrations.RegistrationActivity$10
 sticko.app.Registrations.RegistrationActivity$11
 sticko.app.Registrations.RegistrationActivity$2
 sticko.app.Registrations.RegistrationActivity$3
 sticko.app.Registrations.RegistrationActivity$4
 sticko.app.Registrations.RegistrationActivity$5
 sticko.app.Registrations.RegistrationActivity$6
 sticko.app.Registrations.RegistrationActivity$7
 sticko.app.Registrations.RegistrationActivity$8
 sticko.app.Registrations.RegistrationActivity$9
sticko/app/VerificationsScreen/VerificationActivity.java
 sticko.app.VerificationsScreen.VerificationActivity
 sticko.app.VerificationsScreen.VerificationActivity$1
 sticko.app.VerificationsScreen.VerificationActivity$2
 sticko.app.VerificationsScreen.VerificationActivity$3
 sticko.app.VerificationsScreen.VerificationActivity$4
 sticko.app.VerificationsScreen.VerificationActivity$5
 sticko.app.VerificationsScreen.VerificationActivity$5$1
 sticko.app.VerificationsScreen.VerificationActivity$6
 sticko.app.VerificationsScreen.VerificationActivity$6$1
 sticko.app.VerificationsScreen.VerificationActivity$7
 sticko.app.VerificationsScreen.VerificationActivity$7$1
 sticko.app.VerificationsScreen.VerificationActivity$8
 sticko.app.VerificationsScreen.VerificationActivity$8$1
 sticko.app.VerificationsScreen.VerificationActivity$9
 sticko.app.VerificationsScreen.VerificationActivity$9$1
sticko/app/AddLinksScreen/AddNewLinksFragment.java
 sticko.app.AddLinksScreen.AddNewLinksFragment
 sticko.app.AddLinksScreen.AddNewLinksFragment$1
 sticko.app.AddLinksScreen.AddNewLinksFragment$2
 sticko.app.AddLinksScreen.AddNewLinksFragment$2$1
 sticko.app.AddLinksScreen.AddNewLinksFragment$3
 sticko.app.AddLinksScreen.AddNewLinksFragment$4
 sticko.app.AddLinksScreen.AddNewLinksFragment$5
sticko/app/SettingsScreen/DeactivatedAlertFragment.java
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.DeactivatedAlertFragment
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.DeactivatedAlertFragment$1
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.DeactivatedAlertFragment$2
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.DeactivatedAlertFragment$3
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.DeactivatedAlertFragment$4
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.DeactivatedAlertFragment$5
sticko/app/SettingsScreen/contactor_sticko/ContactUsActivity.java
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.contactor_sticko.ContactUsActivity
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.contactor_sticko.ContactUsActivity$1
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.contactor_sticko.ContactUsActivity$1$1
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.contactor_sticko.ContactUsActivity$2
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.contactor_sticko.ContactUsActivity$3
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.contactor_sticko.ContactUsActivity$4
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.contactor_sticko.ContactUsActivity$5
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.contactor_sticko.ContactUsActivity$6
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.contactor_sticko.ContactUsActivity$7
 sticko.app.SettingsScreen.contactor_sticko.ContactUsActivity$8
sticko/app/QRCodeSection/QR_codeFragment.java
 sticko.app.QRCodeSection.QR_codeFragment
 sticko.app.QRCodeSection.QR_codeFragment$1
 sticko.app.QRCodeSection.QR_codeFragment$2
 sticko.app.QRCodeSection.QR_codeFragment$3
sticko/app/SplashScreen.java
 sticko.app.SplashScreen
 sticko.app.SplashScreen$1
sticko/app/UpdatePassword/UpdatePasswordActivity.java
 sticko.app.UpdatePassword.UpdatePasswordActivity
 sticko.app.UpdatePassword.UpdatePasswordActivity$1
 sticko.app.UpdatePassword.UpdatePasswordActivity$2
 sticko.app.UpdatePassword.UpdatePasswordActivity$3
 sticko.app.UpdatePassword.UpdatePasswordActivity$4
 sticko.app.UpdatePassword.UpdatePasswordActivity$5
 sticko.app.UpdatePassword.UpdatePasswordActivity$6
sticko/app/Adapters/FollowingAdapter.java
 sticko.app.Adapters.FollowingAdapter
 sticko.app.Adapters.FollowingAdapter$1
 sticko.app.Adapters.FollowingAdapter$2
 sticko.app.Adapters.FollowingAdapter$3
 sticko.app.Adapters.FollowingAdapter$4
 sticko.app.Adapters.FollowingAdapter$5
 sticko.app.Adapters.FollowingAdapter$6
 sticko.app.Adapters.FollowingAdapter$HomeVH
sticko/app/UserHomeScreen/UserHomeScreen.java
 sticko.app.UserHomeScreen.UserHomeScreen
 sticko.app.UserHomeScreen.UserHomeScreen$1
 sticko.app.UserHomeScreen.UserHomeScreen$10
 sticko.app.UserHomeScreen.UserHomeScreen$11
 sticko.app.UserHomeScreen.UserHomeScreen$12
 sticko.app.UserHomeScreen.UserHomeScreen$13
 sticko.app.UserHomeScreen.UserHomeScreen$14
 sticko.app.UserHomeScreen.UserHomeScreen$2
 sticko.app.UserHomeScreen.UserHomeScreen$3
 sticko.app.UserHomeScreen.UserHomeScreen$4
 sticko.app.UserHomeScreen.UserHomeScreen$5
 sticko.app.UserHomeScreen.UserHomeScreen$6
 sticko.app.UserHomeScreen.UserHomeScreen$7
 sticko.app.UserHomeScreen.UserHomeScreen$8
 sticko.app.UserHomeScreen.UserHomeScreen$9
